Development branch: testing, development, or obsolete routines.

routine				type		comment
-------				----		-------
kcwi_arc_lines.pro		obsolete	line finder
kcwi_cflat_anal.pro		development	charge transfer analysis
kcwi_comp_profs.pro		development	compare slice profile images
kcwi_cube_fwhm.pro		development	measure arc cube FWHMs
kcwi_extract.pro		development	extract spectra from cube
kcwi_get_lines.pro		obsolete	line centroider
kcwi_group_obs.pro		development	group objects by name
kcwi_group_rr.pro		obsolete	group relative resp. ims
kcwi_init_dispersion.pro	obsolete	interactive wave solns.
kcwi_make_rr.pro		obsolete	make a master relative resp. im
kcwi_masksky_ds9.py             development     python routine creates mask img
kcwi_proc_std.pro		development	process Oke AB mag std file
kcwi_quick.pro			obsolete	quick reduction pipeline
kcwi_resamp_err.pro		development	calculate geom resampling err
kcwi_resamp_err_cube.pro	development	calculate resamp err on cube
kcwi_sim_dich.pro		development	simulate KCRM dichroic edge
kcwi_sim_geom.pro		development	simulate KCRM geometry
kcwi_sim_kcrm.pro		development	simulate KCRM image
kcwi_solve_thar.pro		obsolete	old ThAr arc solver
kcwi_sort_atlas.pro		obsolete	sort atlas lines by wavelength
kcwi_std_fwhm.pro		development	calculate FWHM of std star
